Use the toml implementation from standard lib. (#209)
zopefoundation/meta: config/README.rst

Preparation
+++++++++++

> The script needs a ``venv`` with at Python > 3.11 with some packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script needs a ``venv`` with at least Python 3.11 and some dependencies
```
